Drop-down Editors: add a note to Getting Started tutorials (#3936)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: includes/uiwidgets-editors-choose-a-dropdown-editor.md

> Drop-down editors allow users to navigate through a list of items, select one or multiple items, search through the list. To choose between DevExtreme drop-down editors and learn more about the component's features, refer to the following article: [How to Choose a Drop-Down Editor](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Editors_Concepts/How_to_Choose_a_Drop-Down_Editor/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drop-down editors allow users to navigate through a list of items, select one or multiple items, and search through the list. To learn how to choose a DevExtreme drop-down editor and for more details about the component's features, refer to the following article: [How to Choose a Drop-Down Editor](/Documentation/Guide/Common/Editors_Concepts/How_to_Choose_a_Drop-Down_Editor/).
```
